Clean up the docs (#152)
patternfly/react-data-view: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/data-view/examples/Toolbar/Toolbar.md

You can further customize toolbar interactions by referring to the additional documentation: 
- [Actions](#toolbar-actions)
- [Pagination](#pagination)
- [Selection](#selection)
- [Filters](#filters)

### Toolbar example

```js file="./DataViewToolbarExample.tsx"

```

## Toolbar actions
To support additional user needs, you can pass relevant actions to the toolbar via `actions`. Add standard PatternFly actions (like buttons) or choose predefined [responsive actions](/component-groups/responsive-actions) which ensure the responsive behavior of multiple actions in one toolbar.

### Actions example

```js file="./DataViewToolbarActionsExample.tsx"

```

## Pagination

To help users navigate data records that span multiple pages, add pagination support to your toolbar.

The data view toolbar can display a pagination using the `pagination` prop. You can also pass a custom `ouiaId` for testing purposes to the toolbar. You can also persist pagination values in the URL, to make it easier to share or bookmark specific pages of your data.

### Pagination state

The `useDataViewPagination` hook manages the pagination state of the data view. 

**Initial values:**

> - `perPage` initial value
> - Optional `page` initial value
> - Optional `searchParams` object
> - Optional `setSearchParams` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `perPage` initial value.
- Optional `page` initial value.
- Optional `searchParams` object.
- Optional `setSearchParams` function.
```
matching punctuation to the table page

> While the hook works seamlessly with the React Router library, you do not need to use it to take advantage of URL persistence. The `searchParams` and `setSearchParams` props can be managed using native browser APIs (`URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState`) or any other routing library of your choice. If you don't pass these two props, the pagination state will be stored internally without the URL usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the hook works seamlessly with the [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) library, you do not need to use it to take advantage of URL persistence. The `searchParams` and `setSearchParams` props can be managed using native browser APIs (`URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState`) or any other routing library of your choice. If you don't pass these two props, the pagination state will be stored internally without the URL usage.
```

You can also pass custom `pageParam` or `perPageParam` names, renaming the pagination parameters in the URL.

The retrieved values are named to match the PatternFly pagination component props.

**Return values:**

> - Current `page` number
> - `onSetPage` to modify current page
> - Items `perPage` value
> - `onPerPageSelect` to modify per page value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Current `page` number.
- `onSetPage` to modify current page.
- Items `perPage` value.
- `onPerPageSelect` to modify per page value.
```

### Pagination example
This example uses the URL to persist the pagination state.

```js file="./PaginationExample.tsx"

```

## Selection
To allow users to select data records inside the data view, add selection support that displays a row's selection state.

> The data view toolbar can display a bulk selection component using bulkSelect. You can make use of a predefined [component group extension bulk select](/extensions/component-groups/bulk-select) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data view toolbar can display a bulk selection component by using the predefined [component group extension bulk select](/extensions/component-groups/bulk-select) component.
```

### Selection state

The `useDataViewSelection` hook manages the selection state of the data view. 

**Initial values:**

> - Optional `initialSelected` array of record's identifiers selected by default 
> - `matchOption` function to check if given record is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional `initialSelected` array of record's identifiers selected by default.
- `matchOption` function to check if given record is selected.
```

> 
> *When no `matchOption` is passed, the `Array.prototype.includes()` operation is performed on the `selected` array.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When no `matchOption` is passed, the `Array.prototype.includes()` operation is performed on the `selected` array.
```
I would indent this under the matchOption line if you can

**Return values:**

> - `selected` array of currently selected records
> - `isSelected` function returning the selection state for given record
> - `onSelect` callback to modify the selection state and accepting `isSelecting` flag indicating if records are changing to selected or deselected and `items` containing affected records 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `selected` array of currently selected records.
- `isSelected` function returning the selection state for given record.
- `onSelect` callback to modify the selection state and accepting `isSelecting` flag indicating if records are changing to selected or deselected and `items` containing affected records.
```

### Selection example

```js file="./SelectionExample.tsx"

```

## Filters
To allow users to filter data records in the data view, add filtering support that displays the applied filter chips.

> The data view toolbar can include a set of filters by passing a React node to the `filters` property. You can use the predefined components `<DataViewFilters>`, `<DataViewTextFilter>`, and `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>` to customize and handle filtering directly in the toolbar. The `<DataViewFilters>` component is a wrapper that allows conditional filtering using multiple attributes. If you need just a single filter, you can use `<DataViewTextFilter>`, `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>`, or a different filter component alone. Props of these filter components are listed at the bottom of this page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data view toolbar can include a set of filters by passing a React node to the `filters` property. You can use the predefined components `<DataViewFilters>`, `<DataViewTextFilter>`, and `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>` to customize and handle filtering directly in the toolbar. The `<DataViewFilters>` component is a wrapper that allows conditional filtering using multiple attributes. If you need just a single filter, you can use `<DataViewTextFilter>`, `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>`, or a different filter component alone. Props of these filter components are listed in the [props section of this page](#props).
```
we just typically avoid words like below/above for accessibility purposes. so however you'd like to adjust that!

You can either pass a `value` and `onChange` event to every filter separately, or you can pass `values` and `onChange` to the `<DataViewFilters>` wrapper, which makes them available to its children. Props directly passed to child filters have a higher priority than the "inherited" ones. 

### Filters state

The `useDataViewFilters` hook manages the filter state of the data view. It allows you to define default filter values, synchronize filter state with URL parameters, and handle filter changes efficiently.

**Initial values:**

> - `initialFilters` object with default filter values (if the filter param allows multiple values, pass an array)
> - Optional `searchParams` object for managing URL-based filter state
> - Optional `setSearchParams` function to update the URL when filters are modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `initialFilters` object with default filter values (if the filter param allows multiple values, pass an array).
- Optional `searchParams` object for managing URL-based filter state.
- Optional `setSearchParams` function to update the URL when filters are modified.
```

> The `useDataViewFilters` hook works well with the React Router library to support URL-based filtering. Alternatively, you can manage the filter state in the URL using `URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState` APIs, or other routing libraries. If no URL parameters are provided, the filter state is managed internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useDataViewFilters` hook works well with the [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) library to support URL-based filtering. Alternatively, you can manage the filter state in the URL using `URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState` APIs, or other routing libraries. If no URL parameters are provided, the filter state is managed internally.
```

**Return values:**

> - `filters` object representing the current filter values
> - `onSetFilters` function to update the filter state
> - `clearAllFilters` function to reset all filters to their initial values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filters` object representing the current filter values.
- `onSetFilters` function to update the filter state.
- `clearAllFilters` function to reset all filters to their initial values.
```

---
import { useMemo } from 'react';
import { BrowserRouter, useSearchParams } from 'react-router-dom';
import { useDataViewPagination, useDataViewSelection, useDataViewFilters } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/Hooks';
import { DataView } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataView';
import { BulkSelect, BulkSelectValue, ErrorState, ResponsiveAction, ResponsiveActions, SkeletonTableHead, SkeletonTableBody } from '@patternfly/react-component-groups';
import { DataViewToolbar } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewToolbar';
import { DataViewTable } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewTable';
import { DataViewFilters } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewFilters';
import { DataViewTextFilter } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewTextFilter';
import { DataViewCheckboxFilter } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewCheckboxFilter';

The **data view toolbar** component renders a default opinionated data view toolbar above or below the data section. 

> Data view toolbar can contain pagination, bulk select, filters, actions or other child content passed. The preffered way of passing child toolbar items is using the [toolbar item](/components/toolbar#toolbar-items) component or predefined `DataViewToolbar` props for specific use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data view toolbar can contain pagination, bulk select, filters, actions, or other custom child content. To pass child items to the toolbar, use the [toolbar item](/components/toolbar#toolbar-items) component or predefined `<DataViewToolbar>` props for specific use cases.
```
the toolbar items link no longer exists - what could this point to instead?

Author: it looks to exist in both v5 and v6 🤔

You can further customize toolbar interactions by referring to the additional documentation: 
- [Actions](#toolbar-actions)
- [Pagination](#pagination)
- [Selection](#selection)
- [Filters](#filters)

> ### Toolbar example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I've been suggesting to remove the "example" headings, but I'm realizing they may be necessary due to the docs framework. If so, please just disregard these suggestions and leave as is!

Author: Yeah, unfortunately, they are necessary

```js file="./DataViewToolbarExample.tsx"

```

## Toolbar actions
To support additional user needs, you can pass relevant actions to the toolbar via `actions`. Add standard PatternFly actions (like buttons) or choose predefined [responsive actions](/component-groups/responsive-actions) which ensure the responsive behavior of multiple actions in one toolbar.

### Actions example

```js file="./DataViewToolbarActionsExample.tsx"

```

## Pagination

> Helps users navigate data records that span multiple pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help users navigate data records that span multiple pages, add pagination support to your toolbar.
```

> ### Toolbar usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Data view toolbar can display a pagination using the `pagination` property accepting a React node. You can also pass a custom `ouiaId` for testing purposes. Additionally, it offers an option to persist pagination values in the URL, which makes it easier to share or bookmark specific pages of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data view toolbar can display a pagination using the `pagination` prop. You can also pass a custom `ouiaId` for testing purposes to the toolbar. You can also persist pagination values in the URL, to make it easier to share or bookmark specific pages of your data.
```

- optional `searchParams` object

> - optional `setSearchParams` function

Reviewer: would capitalize the first word 

**Initial values:**
- `perPage` initial value
- Optional `page` initial value
- Optional `searchParams` object
- Optional `setSearchParams` function

While the hook works seamlessly with the React Router library, you do not need to use it to take advantage of URL persistence. The `searchParams` and `setSearchParams` props can be managed using native browser APIs (`URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState`) or any other routing library of your choice. If you don't pass these two props, the pagination state will be stored internally without the URL usage.

You can also pass custom `pageParam` or `perPageParam` names, renaming the pagination parameters in the URL.

> 

Reviewer: I'm unable to make suggestions on the following lines, but here's what I would do: 

The retrieved values are named to match the [PatternFly pagination](/components/pagination) component props. 

**Return values:**
- Current `page` number
- `onSetPage` to modify current page
- Items `perPage` value
- `onPerPageSelect` to modify per page value

### Pagination example
This example uses the URL to persist the pagination state.

```

## Selection

> Allows to select data records inside the data view and show the selection state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow users to select data records inside the data view, add selection support that displays a row's selection state.
```

> ### Toolbar usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: again, I can't make GH native suggestions for lines 94-113: 

The data view toolbar can display a bulk selection component using `bulkSelect`. You can make use of a predefined [component group extension bulk select](/extensions/component-groups/bulk-select) component.

### Selection state
The `useDataViewSelection` hook manages the selection state of the data viwe. 

**Initial values:**
- Optional `initialSelected` array of record's identifiers selected by default 
- `matchOption` function to check if given record is selected
    - When no `matchOption` is passed, the `Array.prototype.includes()` operation is performed on the `selected` array.
**Return values:**
- `selected` array of currently selected records
- `isSelected` function returning the selection state for given record
- `onSelect` callback to modify the selection state and accepting `isSelecting` flag indicating if records are changing to selected or deselected and `items` containing affected records 

```js file="./SelectionExample.tsx"

```

## Filters

> Enables filtering of data records in the data view and displays the applied filter chips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow users to filter data records in the data view, add filtering support that displays the applied filter chips.
```

> ### Toolbar usage

Reviewer: For the next section: 

The data view toolbar can include a set of filters by passing a React node to the `filters` property. You can use the predefined components `<DataViewFilters>`, `<DataViewTextFilter>`, and `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>` to customize and handle filtering directly in the toolbar. The `<DataViewFilters>` component is a wrapper that allows conditional filtering using multiple attributes. If you need just a single filter, you can use `<DataViewTextFilter>`, `<DataViewCheckboxFilter>`, or a different filter component alone. Props of these filter components are listed at the bottom of this page. 

You can either pass a `value` and `onChange` event to every filter separately, or you can pass `values` and `onChange` to the `<DataViewFilters>` wrapper, which make them available to its children. Props directly passed to child filters have a higher priority than the "inherited" ones. 

### Filters state
The `useDataViewFilters` hook manages the filter state of the data view. It allows you to define default filter values, synchronize filter state with URL parameters, and handle filter changes efficiently.

**Initial values:**
- `initialFilters` object with default filter values (if the filter param allows multiple values, pass an array)
- Optional `searchParams` object for managing URL-based filter state
- Optional `setSearchParams` function to update the URL when filters are modified
- 
The `useDataViewFilters` hook works well with the React Router library to support URL-based filtering. Alternatively, you can manage filter state in the URL using `URLSearchParams` and `window.history.pushState` APIs, or other routing libraries. If no URL parameters are provided, the filter state is managed internally.

**Return values:**
- `filters` object representing the current filter values
- `onSetFilters` function to update the filter state
- `clearAllFilters` function to reset all filters to their initial values
